The theme for the convention this year is very important.
It's based on something Jesus very simply said.
He said, speaking of God, your word is truth.
We say God's word is truth. With humans, I think we all know that
it isn't always the truth or they have to revise it or change it later on.
But when you get this message from God's word, the Bible,
then you know it's reliable and it's truth.
The program is not exclusively for Jehovah's Witnesses.
Jehovah's Witnesses are sponsoring it, but when we are in the various communities,
we take the time to invite our neighbors.
It's free, there are no collections, and yet sound counsel from the Bible is presented.
Why? Because we face the same problems of life.
And so we need reliable counsel from God's word, the Bible.
Families are going to benefit from the convention because there is instruction and counsel for every member of the family.
For the mother, for the father, for the teenagers, for the little children in the family.
All of them will hear counsel that can benefit them because that's how God's message is.
It's for the entire family.
These conventions are newsworthy simply because the message needs to be spread far and wide.
Here's something that's going to help you.
People are looking for help today.
They want something that's going to help them go through these difficult times that we live.
They're going to see, well this is excellent.
I see an atmosphere that's very different from what I normally find at events of this size.
They're going to see, well this is something that obviously benefits people because it's helped all of these people attending.
And they'll get the feeling, well I want to benefit in that same way.
And that's why I came.
I'm going to listen and learn this and they can have their own Bible or they'll be presented with the Bible.
And they can follow along and see what exactly is contained in God's word of truth, the Bible message.